index.md, before:

---
layout: index
---

<img src="./octo.png" height="200px" />

## Octobuild

Is a project board where you, as a developer, can post what you're working on this October, and can see what other cool people are working on. Think of it like a month-long hackathon, online, with no judges, no prizes, no pressure, and no competition. It's just letting other developers know what you're working on so you can see, share, collaborate, hold each other accountable, and be inspired. 

After all, we like sharing what we're tinkering with, right?

## Contribute

[By going here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/octobuild/edit/gh-pages/index.md). When you click on that link, you'll be asked to fork the project (if you haven't before). You'll need a GitHub username to do this. Once you create your own fork, you can edit any part of this page, and add or remove from it. To be part of the project, **add your project** just like the others below. Submissions are accepted at any time before or during October. And that's it! You're on

## The list

* [SeedTip](https://github.com/pauldessert/SeedTip) by [PaulDessert](https://twitter.com/pauldessert). *A fun little side project I'm working on to learn the Google Map API.*
* [codexer](https://github.com/bcseda/codexer) by [BrandonSeda](https://twitter.com/brandonseda). *I'm building an ePub authoring app*
* [GraphMatching](https://github.com/jaredbeck/graph_matching) by [Jared Beck](http://www.jaredbeck.com/). *Maximum cardinality and minimum weighted matchings in undirected graphs.*
* [Octobuild](https://github.com/RichardLitt/octobuild) by [RichardLitt](https://github.com/RichardLitt). *I am building this thing.*
* **The Wabi-Sabi of Programming** by [@simonv3](http://twitter.com/simonv3). *I'm looking into Wabi-Sabi, and what principles we can take away from it and apply to our programming.*
* [Zombie Floss](http://zombie-floss.herokuapp.com), my ever-evolving Rails App to accompany *The ~~Zombie~~ Open Source Survival Guide*, by [JaimeLynSchatz](https://github.com/JaimeLynSchatz).
* [FML, or Fix My List](https://secret-inlet-5715.herokuapp.com/), also by [JaimeLynSchatz](https://github.com/JaimeLynSchatz) was orginally my entry for the [Rails Rumble hackathon](http://railsrumble.com/), but it was incomplete. I've given myself until the end of October to get it up to an MVP. Let's see if the Hawthorne Effect can keep me going.
* [I19](https://github.com/ariera/i19) by [ariera](https://github.com/ariera/). *I am building a tool to help me smooth the development of Rails apps with i18n support*

## If you want email updates sometimes

[Sign up here.](http://eepurl.com/3O-JL) I'll check up with you at the end of October to ask how you've done, and post a list of finished projects or work done. I'll also send out semi-weekly reminders to work on your project.

## The idea is

That we make a list of projects we're working on in October that we're proud of. That's it. Huge passion projects, things at work, what I like to call fiddle projects from Saturday afternoons, non-code projects that have a home online, or that chapter of the book you've been writing for years.

Just saying you're working on a project and telling others, I've found, is monumentally helpful towards **getting it done**. There is actually a named phenomenon for this, called [the Hawthorne effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawthorne_effect). So tell us what you're working on. This is just for October - like [NaNoWriMo](http://nanowrimo.org/), having a timeline helps. Unlike that, no one is keeping score, and finishing is optional. 

At the end of the month, I'll stop taking PRs and freeze it until next year, when it will begin again (hopefully).

## Why GitHub?

Because it is a great place to store this because it's a tool we use every day; it is easy to add to; it has a history of being used for [awesome lists](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness); it allows for easy hosting of this website.

This list is on [octobuild.com](http://octobuild.com). If you're coming off of GitHub, I'll try and mirror the master and gh-pages branches; submit PRs to either, preferablly gh-pages.

## Originally,

Octobuild was an idea for a month long online hackathon. [@simonv3](https://twitter.com/simonv3) and I would build a large webapp, invite people to join teams, post their ideas, track their progress, give out prizes, and in the process aquire fame, fortune, and fan the flames for open source hacking.

This didn't pan out. Why? Well, for one, we both have too many projects going on. Two, I am not the best at marketing. Have you heard of [IdeaOtter](http://ideaotter.com), a web app for sharing your ideas and recording them for later, targeted towards entrepreneurs? If you have, I'm surprised. Three, we almost got sued (long story). Four, we both realised that it's not what we love - we love hacking together projects and communities, but not necessarily managing the two. 

[@mijustin](https://twitter.com/mijustin) suggested reviving dead domains. So, I decided to do something much simpler. And here we are. I like this more. 


## This was set up by

[Richard.](http://www.burntfen.com) He's on Twitter as [@richlitt](https://twitter.com/richlitt). [Simon](https://twitter.com/simonv3) originally had the idea. Octopus by [Adam Liam](http://www.adamliam.com/).

*Disclaimer:* Octobuild is in no way affiliated with GitHub's Octocat, although this is hosted on GitHub Pages and I think GitHub is awesome.

Commit message:

Added note about it being closed

index.md, after:

---
layout: index
---

<img src="./octo.png" height="200px" />

## Octobuild

__Octobuild is closed until September, 2015. Come back then!__
_The contents here are the result of the 2014 session._

Is a project board where you, as a developer, can post what you're working on this October, and can see what other cool people are working on. Think of it like a month-long hackathon, online, with no judges, no prizes, no pressure, and no competition. It's just letting other developers know what you're working on so you can see, share, collaborate, hold each other accountable, and be inspired. 

After all, we like sharing what we're tinkering with, right?

## Contribute

[By going here](https://github.com/RichardLitt/octobuild/edit/gh-pages/index.md). When you click on that link, you'll be asked to fork the project (if you haven't before). You'll need a GitHub username to do this. Once you create your own fork, you can edit any part of this page, and add or remove from it. To be part of the project, **add your project** just like the others below. Submissions are accepted at any time before or during October. And that's it! You're on

## The list

* [SeedTip](https://github.com/pauldessert/SeedTip) by [PaulDessert](https://twitter.com/pauldessert). *A fun little side project I'm working on to learn the Google Map API.*
* [codexer](https://github.com/bcseda/codexer) by [BrandonSeda](https://twitter.com/brandonseda). *I'm building an ePub authoring app*
* [GraphMatching](https://github.com/jaredbeck/graph_matching) by [Jared Beck](http://www.jaredbeck.com/). *Maximum cardinality and minimum weighted matchings in undirected graphs.*
* [Octobuild](https://github.com/RichardLitt/octobuild) by [RichardLitt](https://github.com/RichardLitt). *I am building this thing.*
* **The Wabi-Sabi of Programming** by [@simonv3](http://twitter.com/simonv3). *I'm looking into Wabi-Sabi, and what principles we can take away from it and apply to our programming.*
* [Zombie Floss](http://zombie-floss.herokuapp.com), my ever-evolving Rails App to accompany *The ~~Zombie~~ Open Source Survival Guide*, by [JaimeLynSchatz](https://github.com/JaimeLynSchatz).
* [FML, or Fix My List](https://secret-inlet-5715.herokuapp.com/), also by [JaimeLynSchatz](https://github.com/JaimeLynSchatz) was orginally my entry for the [Rails Rumble hackathon](http://railsrumble.com/), but it was incomplete. I've given myself until the end of October to get it up to an MVP. Let's see if the Hawthorne Effect can keep me going.
* [I19](https://github.com/ariera/i19) by [ariera](https://github.com/ariera/). *I am building a tool to help me smooth the development of Rails apps with i18n support*

## If you want email updates sometimes

[Sign up here.](http://eepurl.com/3O-JL) I'll check up with you at the end of October to ask how you've done, and post a list of finished projects or work done. I'll also send out semi-weekly reminders to work on your project.

## The idea is

That we make a list of projects we're working on in October that we're proud of. That's it. Huge passion projects, things at work, what I like to call fiddle projects from Saturday afternoons, non-code projects that have a home online, or that chapter of the book you've been writing for years.

Just saying you're working on a project and telling others, I've found, is monumentally helpful towards **getting it done**. There is actually a named phenomenon for this, called [the Hawthorne effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawthorne_effect). So tell us what you're working on. This is just for October - like [NaNoWriMo](http://nanowrimo.org/), having a timeline helps. Unlike that, no one is keeping score, and finishing is optional. 

At the end of the month, I'll stop taking PRs and freeze it until next year, when it will begin again (hopefully).

## Why GitHub?

Because it is a great place to store this because it's a tool we use every day; it is easy to add to; it has a history of being used for [awesome lists](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness); it allows for easy hosting of this website.

This list is on [octobuild.com](http://octobuild.com). If you're coming off of GitHub, I'll try and mirror the master and gh-pages branches; submit PRs to either, preferablly gh-pages.

## Originally,

Octobuild was an idea for a month long online hackathon. [@simonv3](https://twitter.com/simonv3) and I would build a large webapp, invite people to join teams, post their ideas, track their progress, give out prizes, and in the process aquire fame, fortune, and fan the flames for open source hacking.

This didn't pan out. Why? Well, for one, we both have too many projects going on. Two, I am not the best at marketing. Have you heard of [IdeaOtter](http://ideaotter.com), a web app for sharing your ideas and recording them for later, targeted towards entrepreneurs? If you have, I'm surprised. Three, we almost got sued (long story). Four, we both realised that it's not what we love - we love hacking together projects and communities, but not necessarily managing the two. 

[@mijustin](https://twitter.com/mijustin) suggested reviving dead domains. So, I decided to do something much simpler. And here we are. I like this more. 


## This was set up by

[Richard.](http://www.burntfen.com) He's on Twitter as [@richlitt](https://twitter.com/richlitt). [Simon](https://twitter.com/simonv3) originally had the idea. Octopus by [Adam Liam](http://www.adamliam.com/).

*Disclaimer:* Octobuild is in no way affiliated with GitHub's Octocat, although this is hosted on GitHub Pages and I think GitHub is awesome.
